Update rpi_tcpip_link.md, add some info about speed and latency (#44)
TMRh20/RF24Gateway: docs/rpi_tcpip_link.md

Done. The primary machine IP is `10.11.2.2`, and the secondary machine IP is `10.11.2.3`.
One could ping machines from each other.

> ```

Reviewer: ensure syntax highlighting is disabled for this code block
~~~suggestion
```text
~~~

pi@pi:~ $ ping 10.11.2.2 -c10
PING 10.11.2.2 (10.11.2.2) 56(84) bytes of data.
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=15.6 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=2 ttl=64 time=13.6 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=3 ttl=64 time=14.2 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=4 ttl=64 time=14.8 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=5 ttl=64 time=13.0 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=6 ttl=64 time=14.9 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=7 ttl=64 time=14.0 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=8 ttl=64 time=14.0 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=9 ttl=64 time=14.1 ms
64 bytes from 10.11.2.2: icmp_seq=10 ttl=64 time=14.7 ms

--- 10.11.2.2 ping statistics ---
10 packets transmitted, 10 received, 0% packet loss, time 9013ms
rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 13.014/14.281/15.603/0.698 ms

> 

Reviewer: remove ending blank line
```suggestion
```

```

> The resulting latency when pinging primary machine from secondary is about 14 millisecond. lets check the transfer speed. The speed is most of the times about `10kB/s` (equal to 100K bits per second) sometimes get less. `5 kB/s` should be good approximation for average

Reviewer: Grammar fixes
```suggestion
The resulting latency when pinging primary machine from secondary is about 14 millisecond. Let's check the transfer speed. The speed, most of the times, is about `10 kB/s` (equal to 100K bits per second) but sometimes less. `5 kB/s` should be good approximation for an average.
```
